Over the next few months,
Luis and I will be your primary instructors.
I'm a former physicist,
former neuroscientist, and current huge fan of all things data.
I've been working with Python and data in general for the past nine years.
During my PhD work,
I used machine learning models to classify electrical signals from neurons.
I've also created a few Python data science libraries,
a Bayesian data analysis package called Sample,
and SQL, SQL for data analysts.
I'm fascinated by deep learning because automation is
the future and deep learning is the future of automation.
And I am a pure mathematician and a former Google engineer.
During my PhD, I worked in algebraic combinatorics,
a field in which theoretical mathematics and applied probability meet.
I then spent some years in academia working on research and teaching at university.
This is where I fell in love with machine learning and I
decided to switch to Google where I worked in
a team that uses machine learning algorithms to generate YouTube video recommendations.
I, too, find deep learning fascinating as it combines
theoretical beauty with powerful applications.